Easy-IP Delphi Unit Dependency Scanner
--------------------------------------

v3.? (cfmaer)
Main area of improvement: Provide support to identify, check and report module dependencies.
Added: Module Support
 - Ability to define a list of modules (json) 
   - units, that belong to the module (search paths or unit names)
   - allowed module dependencies
   - origin (delphi-core, 3rdParty, own code)
   - usage (production-code / test-code)   
 - Added a json schema file for easy modules design in vscode (code completion and syntax checking)
 - New modules view in GUI with stats per module
 - Ability to search for module names in GUI trees
 - Ability to export modules data to csv & GraphML
 - units that cannot be mapped to a defined module will be mapped to the built-in "unknown module"
 - Highlight "unknown modules" in all GUI trees
Added: Utilities to remove unused units based on reports from Pascal Analyzer
Added: Ability to restrict the "add unit B to uses clauses of all units that already use unit A" operation to a list of units
Added: automatic formatting of uses clauses with grouping by modules
Update: Use lexer from DelphiAST instead of self-made lexer. Completely new implementation of uses parsing.
Update: Analysis time performance improvements for large code bases (now < 10 seconds for 2.5m LoC, 4.500 files with Core i7, SSD)
Added: Handle include files (beta), log missing include files as warnings
Added: Implemented new Lines of Code (LoC) counting (ignores empty lines, comments etc.)
Updates: unit tests for uses parsing, LoC counting, uses list formatting & unused units removal
Updates: lots of code refactorings

v2.2 (cfmaer)
Fixed: Clear settings before loading a project
Added: Ignore empty lines in project settings "root files"
Added: new feature "add unit B to uses clauses of all units that already use unit A" 
Update: lots of code code refactorings (separate logic & GUI)

v2.1 (cfmaer)
Fixed: Unit renaming was broken
Fixed: offset calculation for following units after rename 
Fixed: Same app icon for release config
Fixed: parsing of "in '..\path\to\file.pas'" was broken when containing spaces
Added: Ability to expand a search path to inlcude all sub-folders (for details see search paths dialog)
Added: Ability to apply multiple renames from a csv file (batch rename)
Added: new options for unit renaming "insert old name comment" & "lower case extension"
Added: Stats 'Semi Circular references' and 'Circular references' (philipp-H) 
Added: csv export for Semi and Circular references (philipp-H)
Deleted: 64bit target

v2.0 (norgepaul)
Licence: Released as open source software - https://github.com/norgepaul/DelphiUnitDependencyScanner

v1.6 (norgepaul)
Fixed: Relative filenames were not parsed correctly in dpr files.

v1.5 (norgepaul)
Fixed: Load last project/Run scan on load settings not saved.
Fixed: Some units not found in path if they were followed directly by a line feed/CR.
Added: Export to GraphML.

v1.4 (norgepaul)  
Fixed: Open and Save dialog titles
Fixed: Save dialog didn't prompt on file overwrite.
Fixed: Small punctuation error.
Fixed: Scan terminated if it encountered an error.
Fixed: List search didn't display results if search term contained uppercase characters.
Fixed: Recursively adding paths updated the UI each time a path was found.
Added: Export to XML
Added: Export to Gephi CSV

V1.3 (norgepaul)
Update: Added differentiation between circular and semi circular unit references.
Update: Added "Show file in Windows Explorer" to context menus.

V1.2 (norgepaul)
Fixed: Installer would not close if you automatically ran the application.

V1.1 (norgepaul)
Fixed: The parser missed the end of the uses clause if the final ';' was directly preceded by an comment.
Fixed: Unable to delete search paths.
Fixed: Recursive search directories not added if the root directory is already there.